
ModelCC Shared Software License
-------------------------------

This License governs use of the accompanying Software, and your use of the
Software constitutes acceptance of this license.

You may use this Software for any non-commercial purpose, subject to the
restrictions in this license. Some purposes which can be non-commercial are
teaching, academic research, and personal experimentation. 

You may also distribute this Software with books or other teaching materials, or
publish the Software on websites, that are intended to teach the use of
the Software. 

You may not use or distribute this Software or any derivative works in any form 
for commercial purposes. Examples of commercial purposes would be running
business operations, licensing, leasing, or selling the Software, or
distributing the Software for use with commercial products.

You may modify this Software and distribute the modified Software for
non-commercial purposes, however, you may not grant rights to the Software or
derivative works that are broader than those provided by this License. For
example, you may not distribute modifications of the Software under terms that
would permit commercial use, or under terms that purport to require the Software
or derivative works to be sublicensed to others.

You may use any information in intangible form that you remember after accessing
the Software. However, this right does not grant you a license to any of the
authors' copyrights or patents for anything you might create using such
information.

In return, we simply require that you agree:

- Not to remove any copyright or other notices from the Software.

- That if you distribute the Software in source or object form, you will include
a verbatim copy of this license.

- That if you distribute derivative works of the Software in source code form
you do so only under a license that includes all of the provisions of this
License, and if you distribute derivative works of the Software in object form
you do so only under a license that complies with this License.

- That if you have modified the Software or created derivative works, and
distribute such modifications or derivative works, you will cause the modified
files to carry prominent notices so that recipients know that they are not
receiving the original Software. Such notices must state:

    (i) that you have changed the Software; and 

    (ii) the date of any changes.

- That the Software comes "as is", with no warranties. This means no express,
implied or statutory warranty, including without limitation, warranties of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or any warranty of title or 
non-infringement. Also, you must pass this disclaimer on whenever you distribute
the Software or derivative works.

- That the authors will not be liable for any damages related to the Software or
this license, including direct, indirect, special, consequential or incidental 
damages, to the maximum extent the law permits, no matter what legal theory it
is based on. Also, you must pass this limitation of liability on whenever you
distribute the Software or derivative works.

- That if you sue anyone over patents that you think may apply to the Software
or anyone's use of the Software, your license to the Software ends
automatically.

- That your rights under the License end automatically if you breach it in any
way.

- The authors reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in this license.

